Let's actually see this and let's create a Sex Trip here as well.
So by providing a number property to this handler object and does sets trap What does it expect.
Well it expects the target the property the value like to reflect the API does.
And then for example let's say we want to use this handler for symbolization we want to apply it on
different objects which all have a shared validation rule.
For example we know that the value which we want to pass always should be at least two characters long
something like that.
So we can't check if well Utada length is greater or equal than two characters.
And if that is the case here I'll use to reflect the API.
Really show how it all works together.
I'll use refl. set and just pass the same parameters I'm getting here with my trap because that's again
the great connection between trap's proxies and reflect API.
They have exactly the same methods with exactly the same arguments and therefore I can use them like
this.
I use my refl. set method with the arguments getting passed into this trap you're on my proxy.
If we're not meeting this criterium Well I'm not doing anything.
So I want to demonstrate this all we introduce to name field your I think you now know that it has nothing
to do with this name set to max and.
Well i already wrapped this person with this proxy.
So now if I try to well let's first try to access it without changing anything.
What do you think we'll see.
Max of course.
I now call proxy that name and that's important don't use person talk Name past when you're directly
accessing your person you're not using your wrappers so you use proxy to name and set it equal to m
which clearly is shorter.
And to characterise what do you think we'll now see it for Heidrun.
Well I still see Max so de-value wasn't all written because while it was just ignored i didn't match
this condition here.
I didn't pass it and therefore the name field was changed.
Of course if I passed something longer here and ran it again then we see now it was set.
So you really see the power of traps especially since you can define a handler like that and then use
it on all kinds of objects you have throughout your application and you'll probably oftentimes have
certain behaviors you want to use in different places Speedbird a generic validator like this one maybe
a bit more complex or anything else and you just create such a handler and then with the proxy API you
dump it on all the object you want on all your objects you want to wrap with it and then just make sure
to use the proxy instead of the object makes your calls or to access fields and you're good.
And as I explained you can and you should play around with that and use all the methods set up on the
refl. API or which we use them there were like the API module you may trap all of those actions.
And whenever you trap it.
Keep in mind you can't just use the refl. API with the very same method as to trap name to while paths
all those values to trap capturers life here.
In case you want to continue with the action if you don't want to then of course you have to turn something
else or you change a value and then continue with the action.
That's all up to you.
The cool thing is that traps and refl. AP I use the same methods and arguments which makes interaction
very easy but the only objects I still show some examples on prototypes and on functions.
And then I have one other addition about proxies